How do you act when you have a crush on someone? - Page 71
==========================================================
.. admonition:: kes (Joined Nov 2011, 5,527 posts) on 10-25-2016, 06:24 AM
 
 I think it was worth posting with a TW. Explains why I see certain comments in this thread as a slippery slope of entitlement which adds to my general depressive malaise and makes me not want to leave the house.
 
 Agree tho, that thread triggered me so hard.
 
 
 On the positive, my special person has been communicating freely with me recently and I am coming to understand what I can and can't enjoy sexually. I am happy.
 
 Thumbs by: Ryan, skully the poltergeist, ThatsAPaddlin, Torrens

.. admonition:: Shaunbadia (Joined Jul 2007, 28,670 posts) on 10-25-2016, 11:26 AM

 .. admonition:: Originally Posted by Ryan

  I have no idea why they think it's ok to have anyone who thinks that way/coldly admits to rape.
 
 September 24, 2016.


.. admonition:: Swoony (Joined Jan 2012, 9,458 posts) on 10-25-2016, 11:28 AM

 .. admonition:: Originally Posted by Uncle Kester

  Unrelated, what I came in here to post: are men on the whole just more sexually frustrated and lonely than women? Is this because your friends don't cuddle you or tell you that you look nice?
 
 What kind of friends do you have? I'm a female with female friends and we never tell eachother that we're pretty and cuddle. Geez that sounds like a teenage guy's fantasy on what happens at a sleepover.
 
 I'm lonely as fuck. I don't think its a gender thing. It's just been stereotyped into a gender thing. A loney male, loser virgin is a lot more prominent in media than the female equivalent. And if they are a female they get a makeover and all is well, while the guy just accepts himself and gets the girl in the end.
 
 Thumbs by: ThatsAPaddlin, Torrens

.. admonition:: kupomog (Joined Feb 2002, 37,972 posts) on 10-25-2016, 11:33 AM
 
 I mean plenty of girls DO do that. My friends and I did.
 
 Thumbs by: ThatsAPaddlin

.. admonition:: Swoony (Joined Jan 2012, 9,458 posts) on 10-25-2016, 11:45 AM
 
 Oh well maybe i'm the odd one out then. Cuddling though, really? I can see the odd compliment being fine but thats a bit weird to me.
 
 Also I see no issue with guys complimenting eachother. Theres nothing gay about giving your friend a confidence boost.


.. admonition:: Ryan (Joined Sep 2002, 27,035 posts) on 10-25-2016, 11:45 AM

 .. admonition:: Originally Posted by Shaunbadia

  September 24, 2016.
 
 (shudders)
 
 I was wondering when someone was going to bring that up


.. admonition:: kes (Joined Nov 2011, 5,527 posts) on 10-25-2016, 11:50 AM
 
 IDK, I'm just observing what other people do. I barely even have female friends, but I definitely do treat the friends I have with affection, mainly verbal, which is how I was raised. I think it makes a difference. Friends who didn't get this at home have expressed as much -- particularly boys.
 
 I actually hate people trying to hug me, but I'm really sweet with words.
 
 Thumbs by: Swoony

.. admonition:: kupomog (Joined Feb 2002, 37,972 posts) on 10-25-2016, 11:55 AM
 
 Some people are just cuddlers. My crush/pal in college would frequently just lay her head on my shoulder when feeling bad or bored while we waited in the halls for the class to unlock. Other friends in school may not have "cuddled" but frequently hugged.
 
 I can be affectionate with the right people, highly closed off to others. My friends are important to me because I have so few as an adult so I'm definitely more affectionate with them than I would otherwise be.


.. admonition:: Shaunbadia (Joined Jul 2007, 28,670 posts) on 10-25-2016, 12:09 PM

 .. admonition:: Originally Posted by Swoony

  Cuddling though, really? I can see the odd compliment being fine but thats a bit weird to me.
 
 I took this to mean more a hug than a cuddle. I know some might go "What's the difference?" as though I'm splitting hairs here but hugs can be fairly quick. Cuddling is... more intimate and prolonged, I suppose.
 
 Thumbs by: Swoony

.. admonition:: Swoony (Joined Jan 2012, 9,458 posts) on 10-25-2016, 12:12 PM
 
 Hugging and cuddling seem pretty different to me. I picture cuddling to be on a couch or something and much more intimate than a hug. You can hug a stranger. Cuddling them would just be weird and invasive to their personal space.
 
 Thumbs by: Torrens

.. admonition:: Torrens (Joined Feb 2015, 1,043 posts) on 10-25-2016, 12:35 PM

 .. admonition:: Originally Posted by Swoony

  I'm lonely as fuck. I don't think its a gender thing. It's just been stereotyped into a gender thing. A loney male, loser virgin is a lot more prominent in media than the female equivalent. And if they are a female they get a makeover and all is well, while the guy just accepts himself and gets the girl in the end.
 
 Or the guy will be improved by the addition of a standard quirky Manic Pixie Dream Girl into his life, which will solve all his problems. And god forbid the girl in your scenario is fat or otherwise stereotypically "unattractive". 
 
 Honestly, I'm lonely as fuck, too. I feel like all my capacity for loving someone was used up in my first relationship and now I have no fucks to give. Part of me wants kids and a partner and a happy life spent in the company of others and the other half looks at what people have told me or what I've read about relationships and goes, "fuck it, if my partner did that/said that to me, I wouldn't forgive them, I wouldn't love them, I'd have to restrain myself from going apeshit on their ass". That isn't an attitude conducive to a long-term, stable relationship, but there it is. Maybe I just want to be bitter and angry, I don't know.


.. admonition:: kupomog (Joined Feb 2002, 37,972 posts) on 10-25-2016, 12:39 PM
 
 Cuddling can be as simple as just leaning against each other closely while sitting.
 
 Thumbs by: kes, ThatsAPaddlin

.. admonition:: Torrens (Joined Feb 2015, 1,043 posts) on 10-25-2016, 03:28 PM
 
 Posting this because I thought about it today and am still angered/disgusted by it. Just a life pro tip: This is how NOT to treat your friend.
 
 I'm the red crossed-out username, my ex-"friend" is in black.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Two. Separate. Fucking. Conversations. And you had a fucking girlfriend, too!  A shower is not inherently fucking sexual. And he acts like I gave him a bunch of photos - I gave him one or two photos of my face when we first started talking YEARS ago because I didn't want to feel like I was talking to nothing. 
 
 Fuck you. I'm glad I stopped speaking to you.
 
 Last edited by Torrens; 10-25-2016 at 05:35 PM. 
 Thumbs by: Exordium, kes, OldSchoolerSimpsons, Swoony, ThatsAPaddlin

.. admonition:: Swoony (Joined Jan 2012, 9,458 posts) on 10-25-2016, 03:48 PM
 
 Yo, you left one name uncovered, just letting you know in case you wanted to edit it out.
 
 Shitty convo though. Pretty weird.
 
 Thumbs by: Torrens

.. admonition:: Swoony (Joined Jan 2012, 9,458 posts) on 10-25-2016, 03:51 PM

 .. admonition:: Originally Posted by Torrens

  Or the guy will be improved by the addition of a standard quirky Manic Pixie Dream Girl into his life, which will solve all his problems. And god forbid the girl in your scenario is fat or otherwise stereotypically "unattractive".
 
 Yeah she wouldn't be a love interest if she were fat. She doesn't even have to be attractive, just thin. If shes unattractive makeup works to cover that up. The media is fucked.
 
 Thumbs by: Torrens

.. admonition:: kupomog (Joined Feb 2002, 37,972 posts) on 10-25-2016, 03:59 PM
 
 I've dealt with that shit so much in the past decade. I used to be able to laugh at how stupid some guys could be but now it's just frustrating as fuck. They turn literally any and every little thing into something provocative or suggestive and it's just exhausting.
 
 This is why I spent many years being unable to admit I was into girls to certain friends of mine because that is just THE fantasy some guys want to get you talking about. I want to be able to just talk about life, not have everything turned into a game or flirt session.
 
 Thumbs by: kes, ThatsAPaddlin, Torrens

.. admonition:: Torrens (Joined Feb 2015, 1,043 posts) on 10-25-2016, 05:29 PM
 
 @Swoony: Oopsie. Thanks, I'll go back and edit out the guilty party, lol. 
 
 And re: fat girls in media, yeah, pretty much all a "love interest" has to do is be thin. A make-over can take care of the rest, lol. That actually is why I was initially really interested in Lena Dunham and Girls because I was so surprised at the promos for it (and the show itself) showcasing nudity that isn't sexualized and isn't of a thin woman. I do know that Deadwood had a surprising amount of chubby girls in it though.
 
 
 
 
 
 			
 				They turn literally any and every little thing into something provocative or suggestive and it's just exhausting.
 			
 		
 
  @kupoltergeist: exactly it. It's like... yeah, I flirted a little with this dude... YEARS AGO, when we were both single. And that's it. It never progressed beyond just flirting and it wasn't even that sexual or even suggestive. I wouldn't have flirted with him now because I know he was in a relationship, but the second his LDR girlfriend seemed like she was thinking of bailing on the relationship (but not ending it outright) he started pulling that shit on me. And it's like, dude, we're on different sides of the world. I'm not flying out there to hang out with your ass, and vice versa. Not only were convos with him as boring as watching paint dry, he was constantly pestering me for attention and it just got annoying. That shit up there didn't help.


.. admonition:: ThatsAPaddlin (Joined Jun 2014, 4,888 posts) on 10-25-2016, 09:00 PM
 
 A friend of mine who's been in love with me for years was recently posting flirty stuff to me and like, he just got married. The fucking is wrong with you? 
 
 I think our society really infantilizes and invalidates affection/socialization between women. Normal interactions suddenly get laughed off as schoolgirl gossip and hen parties. The message to men is "this is not what adult humans should spend time doing". And that hurts everyone.


.. admonition:: Shaunbadia (Joined Jul 2007, 28,670 posts) on 10-25-2016, 09:36 PM

 .. admonition:: Originally Posted by kupoltergeist

  This is why I spent many years being unable to admit I was into girls to certain friends of mine because that is just THE fantasy some guys want to get you talking about. I want to be able to just talk about life, not have everything turned into a game or flirt session.
 
 @Torrens you mentioned this stuff to some of us not long ago in TC so I know I'm probably repeating myself a bit when I say this but I'm so sorry that you had to lose a friend over such shitty behavior on their part.
 
     @BooAGhostAFemaleGhost similar condolences to you with regards a longtime friend (Who I assume you're not friends with now, or at the very least are distancing yourself from for the time being) engaging in similar shitty behavior.
 
 I've never quite understood why lesbians are the "Ultimate Male Fantasy" so to speak. Like, obviously the idea is "2 women is more than one woman so it's hotter and there's no dick other than potentially your own so it's super not gay!" but like, there's this weird thing about the fantasy where the fact that the women are lesbians doesn't seem to register with the guys on the level of "Well, if they're lesbians then they won't be interested in having sex with guys now, will they?" and I know the obvious answer to that issue is that the women would be bi, but the word lesbian is so specifically trotted out more often than not that it just seems like a Catch 22 scenario from the ground up. 
 
 And y'know, some guys might just genuinely like watching it in the same way some women like the idea of two guys going at it without necessarily mentally placing themselves into the scene but more often than not there's still the underlying thing of the guy wanting to fuck the lesbians which.... y'know, it just doesn't work. I suppose it fits with ridiculous alpha male delusions of being so good in bed that you could "Turn" a lesbian simply for an ego boost/bragging rights but damn it's fuckin' stupid.
 
 Thumbs by: kes, Torrens

.. admonition:: Ryan (Joined Sep 2002, 27,035 posts) on 10-26-2016, 04:15 AM
 
 man I'm trying to remember which stand-up comedian had the joke about the lesbian fantasy being attributed to men being extremely lazy and not having to do any work
 
 I want to say louis ck but I'm uncertain... hmm
 
 Thumbs by: kes

.. admonition:: bias (Joined Dec 2014, 6,550 posts) on 10-31-2016, 09:49 PM
 
 jesus christ
 help me out here guys i'm mad and idk what i'm doing 
 
 ok so ella has been telling me whenever we've been fighting that i make her uncomfortable and scare her so she hates coming to r block. she never tells me why she just says that and leaves it. r block is where my locker is and where i hang out all the time at school.
 
 yesterday she came to r block and i went up to her and asked her why she was there. she had no reason to be there at all really, all her friends were up at the tuckshop and weren't nearby so her presence wasn't even necessary. she didn't respond to that so i told her that i didn't want it on my conscience anymore, knowing that somehow whatever i was doing was making her uncomfortable and shit. i was sick of that burden so i told her that and told her to leave.
 
 that afternoon she went and blocked me on all social medias and bitched about me to everyone saying i was harassing her and shit. i hate it. i hate being the one with the weight on his shoulders when all i ever did was try and love and care for her. i haven't done anything to her and yet here she is, bitching about an incident she caused. 
 
 am i in the wrong? am i subhuman filth for what i did?
 i just want it to stop. it's making it so hard to go to school knowing there's someone there who doesn't want me around


.. admonition:: tyler (Joined Mar 2013, 11,254 posts) on 10-31-2016, 10:12 PM
 
 this just sounds like teenagers being teenagers to me. ur relationships are constructed to fail with few exceptions. I dunno what u did wrong and theres not really any clarification in the details you offered. you two should talk like mature ppl but it takes two to tango and Two even slightly mature teens is too much to ask for. frankly this is why yr kind is doomed to fail at love. I saw approximately One relationship work out in my school days that lasted for any noteworthy extent. cant be coincidence.
 
 nonetheless to get more information so one can glean more from this scenario mayb paint a picture of a typical argument with her and your behavior.  mayb she has a point about you and you dont realize it.


.. admonition:: Shaunbadia (Joined Jul 2007, 28,670 posts) on 11-01-2016, 09:24 AM
 
 My main takeaway from all of that was surprise that people still say "tuck shop".


.. admonition:: kes (Joined Nov 2011, 5,527 posts) on 11-02-2016, 06:54 AM
 
 Ever just feel completely pushed out and like no one you care about feels comfortable venting to you? I feel literally sick. It's like people assume when I get in contact it's going to be about me. I don't even like me. I only ever want to curl up and listen, but the person won't spill. I can't prove I'm any good at this because I don't get the oportunity. Such a weird experience, anyway. If you worry about someone and just need to know they're okay, is it still about you? And by actually getting upset, am I proving I can't cope with other people's issues? It's not true. I can't cope with rejection. That is entirely separate from whether I can deal with hearing heavy shit.


.. admonition:: Walid (Joined Jun 2009, 33,032 posts) on 11-02-2016, 07:11 AM
 
 I have a crush on one of the service coordinators at my job. it's kind of funny because I'm usually so nervous to talk to girls I find attractive, but with her I kind of have to, if I want to find out what I'm going to be doing that day. or if I ever want to take my breaks or anything. but anyway, I've found that i work harder when she's there. sometimes, when there's not enough people on the schedule, or the store is just so busy we need extra help, they'll send out cashiers, or sometimes the SC themselves have to come out to help. i mentioned being complimented for being able to keep the lot clean, and she was one of the people who complimented me.


.. admonition:: Ryan (Joined Sep 2002, 27,035 posts) on 11-02-2016, 07:26 AM
 
 I've said this before in this thread but man do I miss nascent infatuation. It's a naive emotion that seems to have all but slipped away from me as I'm nearing my thirties... just miss that sort-of bashful, hopeful longing. 
 
 Continue on, all...


.. admonition:: FormulaMoss (Joined Aug 2016, 508 posts) on 11-02-2016, 11:45 AM

 .. admonition:: Originally Posted by kes

  Ever just feel completely pushed out and like no one you care about feels comfortable venting to you? I feel literally sick. It's like people assume when I get in contact it's going to be about me. I don't even like me. I only ever want to curl up and listen, but the person won't spill. I can't prove I'm any good at this because I don't get the oportunity. Such a weird experience, anyway. If you worry about someone and just need to know they're okay, is it still about you? And by actually getting upset, am I proving I can't cope with other people's issues? It's not true. I can't cope with rejection. That is entirely separate from whether I can deal with hearing heavy shit.
 
 Man I've been there before so don't worry your not in a minority, as cliche as it sounds don't worry about it too much, the fact that people don't feel comfortable sharing there issues with you is there problem especially if your a nice enough guy. I hate rejection too, I learned that if one doesn't try then they are most likely going to get rejected in some way or another. Honestly if you want to prove you can be a good listener just try to force them to tell you, sounds dumb but if you say you can listen to other people (thier) problems with some authority then chances are they will actually tell you, not guaranteeing that will work but just from experience  (sorry if i went a little off track to what you were actually saying ngl you didnt explain it in the best way but i think i understood what you were getting at)
 
 Thumbs by: kes

.. admonition:: Shaunbadia (Joined Jul 2007, 28,670 posts) on 11-02-2016, 12:54 PM

 .. admonition:: Originally Posted by Ryan

  I've said this before in this thread but man do I miss nascent infatuation. It's a naive emotion that seems to have all but slipped away from me as I'm nearing my thirties... just miss that sort-of bashful, hopeful longing. 
  
  Continue on, all...
 
 I may be interpreting this the wrong way but was this prompted by Walid's post about having a crush on someone at work? It's just that I seem to remember you having a thing for girls you worked with before a few years ago and it not working out too well.


.. admonition:: Ryan (Joined Sep 2002, 27,035 posts) on 11-02-2016, 02:17 PM

 .. admonition:: Originally Posted by Shaunbadia

  I may be interpreting this the wrong way but was this prompted by Walid's post about having a crush on someone at work? It's just that I seem to remember you having a thing for girls you worked with before a few years ago and it not working out too well.
 
 Oh, nah. It's just an overall thing. Yes, there's a girl at work that I'm very attracted to but I will never, ever, ever go for it because she is bad news all over (even if I was about to be fired I still wouldn't) but this is more about aging and losing the desire to even be infatuated or have a crush. It's a lot of influx of cyncism and world-weariness... I know that my social limitations prevent me from going any futher and less and less women my age are single, so much of that has been eradicated. It's emotionally healthy but there's that longing tug of wanting to just dive in. Yet I can't because I feel too old for that now, and I know better.
 
 Kind of a nostalgic nuisance.


.. admonition:: Shaunbadia (Joined Jul 2007, 28,670 posts) on 11-02-2016, 04:13 PM
 
 I suppose I can sort of see where you're coming from in the sense that I do look back at high school relationships  and "flings" so to speak through rose-tinted glasses... those budding years where I was just starting to have some success with girls and the fearful yet exciting build up to actually getting together with someone I really liked. The fear and excitement surrounding my first kiss, my first time... and my first everything else in between kissing and fucking, really. There's a certain simplicity to it all in retrospect that makes me long for a time when I was more innocent and just starting to really get a taste of it all.
 
 Although like I said, rose-tinted glasses, the negative aspects of teenage relationships (A.K.A. Stupid, petty drama and angst) is some shit I'll happily never deal with again.

